---
name: the-scamming-case-of-big-tech-companies
title: The Scamming Case of Big Tech Companies!
subtitle: Ever wondered why some companies scale far faster than others even when they seem to follow the same investor playbook?
image: /images/blog/apple-imac.jpg
created: 2025-12-18
updated: 2026-03-26
authorName: Emin Buğra Saral
authorUrl: https://0.1234S.org 
published: true
---
Having been a victim of large corporations and some politicians they work with for over 10 years in different countries, I want to share the scams I've discovered with the public. As a computer engineer, I want to focus specifically on large technology companies and the structural advantages that allow them to grow at an extraordinary rate.

Amazon, Google, IBM, Apple, Microsoft, Fiat, Tesla, and similar companies don't just produce products; they operate an economic system that gives them a structural advantage. These companies control operating systems, app marketplaces, cloud infrastructure, hardware, and developer tools without regard for their customers' permission, consent, or well-being. They illicitly manage platforms that function like private digital economies, with software tightly integrated into their hardware, along with their product layers.

These large tech companies portray their economic model as beneficial through their publicly presented marketing strategies: Millions of app developers publish apps through app stores, reaching global audiences and generating revenue. This strategy allows companies to reach a larger user base quickly. However, with the significant increase in customer and developer numbers, and the widespread adoption of constantly evolving fraudulent methods by these large tech companies, the reality is becoming increasingly clear. In their product marketing, they present their ecosystem as one that lowers barriers to startups and accelerates innovation.

As the number of users, publishers, and developers on platforms increases to a certain extent, the advantages of publishing and application development reveal the inequality experienced in these societies. A lesser-noticed issue is the extent to which platform owners exert unsolicited control over system settings and hardware on devices: operating systems like Linux, Android, iOS, and Windows are controlled centrally without regard for user permissions.

Modern applications are built in layers, such as interfaces, system calls, and background services. At the operating system level, along with centralized management models, platform owners decide how these layers behave and communicate with each other during operation. Beyond the features visible to the user, many changes that are difficult to detect are implemented at different times across all layers. Changing the settings of any device without the customer's permission is a major crisis waiting to be discovered and constitutes a violation of numerous rights. The fact that Big Tech companies run their operating systems as virtual machines on most devices facilitates remote control of these devices.

Here are some examples of layers controlled in different ways at the operating system level through software, and beyond user control, that I've noticed while using some devices in different countries:

- Your device's audio frequencies can be changed without your control while you're listening to any sound. The sound quality, tone, and depth of the music you're listening to can be adjusted instantly based on your precise location. Because of intentional changes in audio quality and frequency, your emotional states and movements can be triggered to change. Some of those frequencies are really low-level to be recognized.

- When recording video with your device, the words you choose can be changed in real time, after recording or when listening to it later. The visual quality of your recorded content can also be adjusted regardless of ambient light. Any content's visual and sound quality that you produce can be altered to appear different than original.

- Your devices can release or produce various chemicals in different doses at specific times. These chemicals can affect your mood and body in different ways: happiness, tension, relaxation, nervousness, sensitivity, anxiety, anger, hunger, interest, laziness and distractibility are just a few examples. They can also cause physical effects such as leg numbness, muscle issue, halitosis (bad breath) and headaches. The chemical's potential for physical and mental harm increases when they react with other (daily used) chemicals; the risk of injury can be increased when you move your body; your body weight might have been applied to undesired changes. The chemicals released can also be changed depending on the content you're watching on your computer or phone; content that elicits a reaction gets prioritized. I haven't yet been able to identify what these chemicals/drugs are.

> For example, after you inhale a chemical released from a phone, computer, television, or car, your speaker can be made to appear as if its battery is dead. This way, you can be tricked into bending down to plug it in so a possible injury cause on your body can be tried.

- All features on your devices can be controlled during use. Features such as your device's Wi-Fi, screen image quality and lighting, charge level, cellular data, or location can be manipulated software-wise to appear different than they actually are, even if there are no problems in your location or application. A desired feature of your device can be shown as underpowered or disabled. The ability to shut down device features in this way during major disasters like earthquakes poses a significant security risk.

- All the content on your device is being recorded without your permission. All the features on your device, both those you know and those you don't, can never be turned off. In fact, your device's microphone, camera, location services, screen capture, and other sensors are never turned off. Therefore, you can understand that these companies are actually learning about your entire private life, your conversations, plans, ideas, inventions, projects, and more, infringing on copyrights. They just can't listen to your inner voice.

- Same/similar chemicals released or converted from phones, computers and televisions also exist in your vehicles. Depending on your location while driving, these chemicals can cause a number of physical problems such as drowsiness, sleepiness, dizziness, memory problems, eye irritation, and changes in body temperature. While driving your vehicle, unseen but noticeable changes can be made to the vehicle's settings depending on your location. For example, by changing the settings while you are driving without your knowledge, you might experience an unwanted change in direction when you approach another vehicle. While driving through a tunnel, you may be exposed to chemicals that cause a burning sensation in your eyes, making it difficult to see the road at the tunnel exit. Your vehicle's temperature may be adjusted without your control, or air at different temperatures may be blown from certain areas. With the detection of movements inside your vehicle, software modifications that are incompatible with the vehicle's operation can be made, even though they may be presented as if they were behavioral issues. Some accidents caused by these intentionally altered settings can have fatal consequences. Even simple movements you make inside the vehicle can cause it to react in ways you cannot control, increasing your risk of an accident.

- When using your applications and devices, software problems that don't actually exist can be created (simulated). The type of problem you encounter can vary depending on the app you're using or the content you're watching. The applications on your devices are deliberately slowed down, and then the chemicals released from your devices and the software changes made to their hardware cause you to have to deal with many negative emotions and feelings such as anger, nervous breakdowns, fatigue, and frustration. Due to the chemicals entering your body, situations may arise where your movements and choices drastically increase the risk of injury. Some programmatic changes are applied to trigger you to make a move on that device or in your environment.

All features I've mentioned are embedded in during the production of these devices.

**Using all our personal information, all the features on our devices can be instantly and simultaneously changed based on or trigger our behaviors without our consent, even if we are using different applications.** These companies make it difficult to detect by attempting to implement a natural operating model based on the location or position of the devices and the social structures they belong to. Thus, with the help of a global network, they can illegally implement changes that can affect all behavior in any environment in real time. I don't know what name these companies give to this model, but looking at their global marketing strategies, we can see them starting to use terms like “God-like Artificial Intelligence” and trying to attribute a kind of consciousness to this system. However, we are living in a vast criminal system of fraud that operates outside the law. **Almost all devices harm our health and tangible assets intentionally and continuously.**

The applications and devices that are connected to Artificial Intelligence of Big Tech form an alliance of threat to every citizen in every country. A device can know if there are harmful substances in your body, then display motivation posts in their social media or change sound levels to motivate you into doing sport activities that may cause health problems or attacks. Some of those substances are produced by your daily used devices. This strategy is often used on any kind of company or project that could be seen as a competitor. Their devices continue to commit crimes worldwide, hidden from public.

Big Tech's massive hidden influence in social media filtering the posts or news in favor of their interests continues to block everybody's freedom to reach correct information. Even if you see a hashtag popular in a social media app, it may be only visible to your real life network to fool your mind into some kind of necessary action being taken about the topics you are interested in. This false perception strategy cause a lot of misunderstandings in social environments. This strategy also enables their devices to target any competitor in any environment. 

In addition to large corporations extensively controlling our devices and influencing user behavior, it appears that many hardware failures presented as user error are actually software-generated: 
- Broken charging cables due to intentional heat changes.
- External devices or accessories that are low performant because of operating system blocks in devices.
- Screen pixels that are actually working but are shown as faulty, as they are customer fault.
- Car parts that break or seem broken due to adjustments in the suspension forces of a car during use.
- Even though there were no problems with the vehicle's hardware, the changes made to the settings forced the vehicle to be taken to the service center. 
- Being able to shut down your car anytime.
- Changes in hardware settings that affect your vehicle's fuel consumption and to cause more spendings.
and much more… 

The software products of large tech companies *(YouTube, Google Maps, ChatGPT, Google Docs, Copilot, etc.)* can create different or unexpected results that can instantly influence our behavior. Deliberately presented translation errors, information and location changes allow misinformation to spread around users and trigger incorrect action choices. At the same time, they attempt to influence your choices, attention, or emotions by making subtle changes to the images and text on your screen at different frequencies and positions. Because all devices and applications work interconnectedly, the choices and presentations within their products can appear different than they actually are; the promotions of their political allies/partners are prioritized illegally. I don't know which other software companies are also working with this central management system.

The devices we use are like both mental and physical weapons; they can be more harmful than we realize. Mental health problems resulting from deliberate sensory conditioning include tics, low self-esteem, paranoia/suspicion, hopelessness, anger, and fear. Remote changes to the settings of any device or vehicle can lead to suicides or fatal accidents. Although most devices have very high-quality hardware, malfunctions that don't actually exist are attributed to customer misuse. As a process in time, changes are being implemented that could cause permanent harm to any citizen or to the environment. 

When a platform owner integrates its services more deeply into the operating system and/or optimizes system behavior by prioritizing it for its own products, competing services can be portrayed as slower, less reliable, or less useful, even if their core qualities are comparable. Large tech companies have the ability to portray any thought, idea, product, person, or behavior that could threaten their ecosystem in a way that is far from reality, or to make it invisible on their platforms.

The influence of Big Tech corporations extends beyond simply producing individual products, influencing how markets function and how competition evolves. When the same group of organizations controls a platform, market, and even competing services, avoiding conflicts of interest becomes difficult. They thus make it nearly impossible for competitors to emerge, using illegal practices to increase their revenue and products. It's no surprise that these companies are comfortable rapidly launching recent AI advancements, as they don't believe any competitors will exist or remain within their ecosystems. With these illegal management systems, they can acquire or destroy competing companies at very low prices by blackmailing or threatening them.

While they grow a select few companies or individuals, they distract medium and small-sized businesses with short-term, temporary solutions by drawing them into the consumption cycle of their own ecosystems. They inflict physical and financial damage on their large competitors by controlling their software and hardware; then, by investing in those sectors, they can eliminate their major rivals.

One of the deadly tactics widely used by Big Tech Corporations is to mark body cells with chemicals found in their devices and then release flies in the vicinity to sting the target individual. After each fly sting, the target person may experience serious health problems such as: redness, nausea, dizziness, swelling, tumor formation, dehydration, muscle spasms, heart attack, memory loss, and difficulty concentrating. Big corporate executives and political entities (parties, armies, terrorist organizations, mafias, etc.) have been using these and similar deadly methods on citizens for years. Unfortunately, it is currently not possible to know exactly which companies or organizations are responsible. However, Big Tech Corporations, possessing everyone's information and abusing everyone's devices illegally, control the whole economic system that encompasses the current political order. Instead of this widely used method, nano-magnetic and like products are used in some countries.

Large corporations have been using illegal strategies and practices for years to eliminate competitors by creating fear and/or fabricating unforeseen incidents. Unfortunately, some countries have positioned themselves as “superpowers” through marketing around these companies. In reality, there is no power in continuing illegal and harmful activities. While harming other countries, they are equally harming their own citizens.

Most invisible data transfers on devices are done via satellites. I do not yet know whether they can use local operator networks while concealing the data flow. Operating systems can alter or misrepresent network speeds and system displays. Therefore, it's not easy to see data trails on your local networks. Citizens assume they are being monitored by their government's intelligence services or certain groups, and the some leaders of those countries use the illegal power of Big Tech Corporations to their advantage. This tactic also benefits “superpowers,” preventing any rival organizations from emerging, even if the media doesn't support those leaders.

I hope you can finally understand the kind of global criminal network we're facing within the AI-powered Big Tech devices we use in our daily lives. It's also necessary to investigate how illicit private companies in modern countries form partnerships with monarchical governments. Together, these companies contribute to numerous illnesses and accidents, as well as global sustainability crises. Furthermore, their manipulation of the synchronization of nature for their own gain continues to hinder many opportunities for the public.

The illegal business structures of Big Tech Companies can be discovered and stopped quickly by governments. The fact that no government has yet taken the necessary steps and that crimes are being tolerated continues to harm all citizens. It's important to understand that giant AI robots are merely distractions compared to these clandestine, illicit high-tech inventions in today's modern world. **I haven't yet found anyone, or any organization, interested in investigating and sharing this information with the public. I have been experiencing almost all of the problems I wrote above for more than 10 years.** 

> Tüm bu yazılım kontrolleri fabrika çıkışlı olarak cihaz/araç donanımlarına entegre edilmiş durumdalar. Bizzat test ettiğim ve bulgularımı doğruladığım ürünler: Apple iMac, Apple MacBook Pro (eski ve yeni nesil), iPhone 4S, iPhone 11 Pro, 2011 model Fiat Fiorino, Toshiba Satellite L755.

If you know of anyone or any organization that could assist me with this matter, which concerns the health and safety of the society, please contact me: you can visit [0.1234S.org](https://0.1234S.org), use the [contact form](/contact), or email me at [ebsaral@icloud.com](mailto:ebsaral@icloud.com).

---

Within the teachings of [Logical Spirituality](/spirituality) that was born during these struggles, we can see that the serious crimes described above are also punished in nature:  
Every problem I encounter naturally leads to them being punished, and in this way I can continue using their products, even if only with difficulty. Any harm done to public health during the use of products similarly continues to have negative consequences for the owners, developers, investors, suppliers, and the environment of the companies. 

> Due to the struggles and lack of opportunities forced upon us, we are able to reach natural gifts that are divine reinforcements. You can review some examples in [my Resume](https://0.1234S.org/resume).

Unfortunately, every citizen is deeply suffering because of these companies. Most of the diseases and disasters (natural punishments) are tied to the software based criminal behaviors and manipulations in their products.

**Let's keep an eye on our future, both legally and naturally!**